their efforts good I just told them you
know we got to keep coming back every
day trying to be a little bit better
each day and that's what's going to
happen during the season win or lose and
got to come back and respond felt so
good Kevin have any effect no he
practiced everybody practiced so we
didn't have him so far so good we've
been pleased with it he's a aggressive
player he's solid he knows how to play
he's you know he's just solid player
he's and he competes which is what we
need can he play both spots equally I
think so I think you played both spots
because he's very he's very aggressive
defensively and he's tough so he can
play the to garden defensively and he
can handle the ball yeah I hope so yeah
we'll see what happens but that's what
we're hoping for how's he he's good he's
good like one thing he is he's just very
very aggressive and he's just trying to
figure out you know how to play right
now you know and it's it's hard for
young guys when you're playing in with
two spots you know there today they've
got to adjust to that the same thing
with Williams that he's playing the
three four you know it's it's you got to
learn both positions how might you tried
to use Williams love and be three
together how my TV thing I haven't
really used them all together we just I
just been mixing up every day just
trying to put different combinations out
there having guys play that will
probably come as in the middle of next
week we'll probably try to play guys
consistently together just to get a feel
for what they can do what's your early
take on within and shooting their
position in terms of looking for
and there's playmakers you know we're
just evaluating every day I don't I
don't really have an early take on and I
same with you know well Williams good
example first day really struggled he's
gotten better each day you know I
thought you Leslie had a good day today
you know he's another guy I think you
can play two positions I you think he
could play two and three but they're
they're competing out there and I think
the way we're trying to play if they
learn as long as we move the ball we
make you you make good decisions for the
team don't try to do too much we're
going to improve that turnovers that we
had last year they're going to be better
they really move them they really move
the ball well today you mentioned
Ricky's passing every down defensively
cause he's good he's he's very
aggressive he gets his hands on a lot of
balls the thing he just has to be
careful has not put his hands on the guy
too much because he didn't let that
happen in Europe and I'm going to let
Ricky do that here so he's just but he's
really a smart player and he'll make
that adjustment yes yeah he's got the
quickness in the thing that makes him
good as he's very aggressive he's very
aggressive with his hands he'll get
after it but he can really pass the ball
he can really push it